Change WGs to always be part of a TAG (#868)
cncf/toc: workinggroups/README.md

## Introduction

CNCF Working Groups (WGs) serve several purposes, for example to study and report on a particular question, to make recommendations based on their findings, or to complete a specific work package. The intention of WGs is _not_ to host a full project or specification. The work result of a WG may include a new project proposal, landscape, whitepaper report detailing their findings, or similar.

WGs must be created under the umbrella of a [CNCF Technical Advisory Group](https://github.com/cncf/toc/tree/main/tags) (TAG), and sponsored by a CNCF TOC member. In case of disagreement within TOC, a supermajority vote may be called 

> WGs can be shut down when they determine that they have reached their stated goals, by consensus within their umbrella TAG, or a supermajority vote within the TOC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WGs can be shut down when the working group and TAG, with concurrence of the TOC sponsor, determines that they have reached their stated goals, by consensus within their umbrella TAG, or by a supermajority vote within the TOC.
```

Reviewer: clarifying here that the Working Group and the TAG need to agree that they've met their stated goals (forcing the WG to have the discussion to the TAG for closure), and then concurrence with the TOC sponsor for closure (this also ensures the TOC sponsor is aware of what that deliverable from the goals is), _as an additional option_ to the TAG consensus and TOC supermajority vote. There may be occasions where the working group fizzles out and the TAG itself (through lack of participation or progress) chooses to dissolve/disband/shutdown the group.

Reviewer 2: @raravena80 Each TAG has a sponsor as part of its support system. This PR is to clarify that WG should be formed within an established TAG to ensure we are following established processes around governance, process, etc.. Does this clarify your questions?

Author: @raravena80 are you talking about creating or disbanding a WG in your comment?

> WGs can be shut down when the working group and TAG, with concurrence of the TOC sponsor, determines that they have reached their stated goals, by consensus within their umbrella TAG, or by a supermajority vote within the TOC.

Author: ```suggestion
WGs can be shut down
* when the working group and TAG, with concurrence of the TOC sponsor, determines that they have reached their stated goals, or
* by consensus within their umbrella TAG, or
* by a supermajority vote within the TOC.
```

## Process

> If you would like to submit a WG proposal, please get in contact with suitable umbrella TAGs. The TAG work with their TOC liasons to create the WG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to submit a WG proposal, please get in contact with suitable umbrella TAGs. The TAG will follow their existing working group processes or engage with their TOC liasons to create the WG should no process exist.
```

> At a minimum, please include this information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All TAG and working group processes regarding the governance, details, and logistics of the working group should include, at a minimum, the following information within their repos:
```

## Introduction

CNCF Working Groups (WGs) serve several purposes, for example to study and report on a particular question, to make recommendations based on their findings, or to complete a specific work package. The intention of WGs is _not_ to host a full project or specification. The work result of a WG may include a new project proposal, landscape, whitepaper report detailing their findings, or similar.

> WGs must be created under the umbrella of a [CNCF Technical Advisory Group](https://github.com/cncf/toc/tree/main/tags) (TAG), and sponsored by a CNCF TOC member. In case of disagreement within TOC, a supermajority vote may be called 

Reviewer 3: Can a WG be created under the umbrella of multiple TAGs?

Reviewer: @nikhita I don't see why not, i also don't believe we should prevent a TAG's WG from being joint with another foundation.  However there must be a very clearly defined governance of which entity is the "home" for the WG to resolve issues as well as define CoCC and other governance, license, and process escalation related items.

Reviewer 4: I think in the past we have addressed the overlaps but identifying "Related Work Areas" and "Other groups that the WG interacts with".  There will always be overlap, I believe it should be fine as long as the community has clarity as to what that is.

WGs can be shut down

> * when the working group and TAG, with concurrence of the TOC sponsor, determines that they have reached their stated goals, or

Reviewer 5: Do you have a WG in mind whose scope needs to span multiple TAGs? Each TAG's scope seems quite broad.

> * when the working group and TAG, with concurrence of the TOC sponsor, determines that they have reached their stated goals, or

Reviewer 3: > Do you have a WG in mind whose scope needs to span multiple TAGs?

I didn't have a specific WG in mind...I was thinking mostly in terms of a WG needing to collaborate with other TAGs. @TheFoxAtWork and @raravena80 captured it well here - https://github.com/cncf/toc/pull/868#discussion_r935733741 :)

* by consensus within their umbrella TAG, or
* by a supermajority vote within the TOC.

## Process

> If you would like to submit a WG proposal, please get in contact with suitable umbrella TAGs. The TAG will follow their existing working group processes or engage with their TOC liasons to create the WG should no process exist.

Reviewer 3: How would the relationship between a WG and the umbrella TAG(s) look like _after_ WG creation but _before_ WG disbandment?

How do the umbrella TAG(s) and the TOC sponsor ensure that the WG's mission is still aligned with the current state?
Suggestion - can we have WG representative(s) provide updates to their umbrella TAG(s) with some regularity?

Reviewer 5: I like the suggestion on the update.

All TAG and working group processes regarding the governance, details, and logistics of the working group should include, at a minimum, the following information within their repos:

> * Umbrella TAG & TOC liason

Reviewer 3: nit: some places call this TOC liason and some call this [TOC sponsor](https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/main/workinggroups/ci.md#toc-sponsor)

* Links supporting information
* Goals
* Non-goals
* Mailing list / Slack information
* The location of meetings / agenda / notes
* Initial interested parties to show that there are multiple people across multiple orgs interested

## Current Working Groups

* TAG 123

>   * WG abc

Reviewer 3: > This needs review/discussion, in particular on the proposed structure of listing WGs.

In case it's helpful, here's how Kubernetes lists down the Working Group to Stackholder SIGs mapping (especially given that one WG can map to more than one SIG) - https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-list.md#working-groups

Reviewer 6: I really like listing stakeholders explicitly, both for its implication, "there are likely multiple stakeholder SIG's" and because it makes clear how the WG views its scope. Were we using full RACI one might suggest that were we to adopt this, TAG co-chairs would be included on PRs as a RACI "I" (informed).
